README.md, before:

# Display your Zenodo Community

This WordPress plugin allows users to display content of their [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/) Community on Wordpress pages, for instance, if they wish to integrate a dynamic bibliography of their work with their blog or website.
To do so, access to the [Zenodo REST API](https://developers.zenodo.org/) is required, without it, the
plugin will not work. When using this plugin, you will also need to accept the Zenodo’s [Privacy Policy](https://about.zenodo.org/privacy-policy/) and its [Terms of Use](https://about.zenodo.org/terms/).
Originally, the plugin has been created for and by [DARIAH-EU](https://www.dariah.eu). You can find it implemented here: [https://www.dariah.eu/about/publications/](https://www.dariah.eu/about/publications/).

---

# Install (via WordPress plugins)
1. Install via [WordPress plugins](https://www.wordpress.org/plugins/display-your-zenodo-community)

# Install (manually)
1. Upload directory `display-your-zenodo-community` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress

# How does it work?
With API request directly to Zenodo, with your community identifier added in the admin page, you can retrieve some
 information of disseminated data on Zenodo.

Commit message:

Add short description for admin to set up a page with the shortcode

README.md, after:

# Display your Zenodo Community

This WordPress plugin allows users to display content of their [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/) Community on Wordpress pages, for instance, if they wish to integrate a dynamic bibliography of their work with their blog or website.
To do so, access to the [Zenodo REST API](https://developers.zenodo.org/) is required, without it, the
plugin will not work. When using this plugin, you will also need to accept the Zenodo’s [Privacy Policy](https://about.zenodo.org/privacy-policy/) and its [Terms of Use](https://about.zenodo.org/terms/).
Originally, the plugin has been created for and by [DARIAH-EU](https://www.dariah.eu). You can find it implemented here: [https://www.dariah.eu/about/publications/](https://www.dariah.eu/about/publications/).

---

# Install (via WordPress plugins)
1. Install via [WordPress plugins](https://www.wordpress.org/plugins/display-your-zenodo-community)

# Install (manually)
1. Upload directory `display-your-zenodo-community` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress

A very simple administration page (in Settings -> Zenodo) to choose your Zenodo community (e.g. `dariah` or `operaseu`).
On the page you want to present the Zenodo data, add the shortcode `[display-your-zenodo-community]` to see the publications.
# How does it work?
With API request directly to Zenodo, with your community identifier added in the admin page, you can retrieve some
 information of disseminated data on Zenodo.
